or killed infamous I know be whoa back
with another video garces honestly we
didn't do it last because no DVDs came
out but today's DVD Tuesday okay so we
have two DVDs released today UFC 129
penn vs fitch which happened in sydney
australia in australia februari 26 2011
and i got i saw this DVD said the
striking truth featuring Georges st.
Pierre and David The Crow laws ooh I
don't know it's funny cuz I saw this at
HIV 1299 with this for 25 99 so I'm like
get this let me go the best my shot and
then I see this for 1899 and then was it
it was ain't no it wasn't it was 69 I
guess I made 2019-20 but text and then I
saw this for 2999 so I'm like wow that's
over here Prince change so I got those
too I also got a package in the mail
today for some Ring of Honor DVDs ring
of honor and one pw GD v pw p WG DVD wow
I can't say that like a tongue twister
so we got the first one is double
feature we have the hunt begins and
titled the type T tag title classics
can't speak talk can't speak properly
for nothing northern navigation the
Omega effect linecount epic encounter 3
a fan it finally fate of an angel too so
if you notice those all show also from
Canada which I'll since I'll be
collecting convenient shows I trying to
get income all I did I need you get that
death before dishonor our paints night
one and not night doc before dishonor
791 I to and some other ones yeah oh and
I also got pw pro wrestling guerrilla um
her WrestleMania Kurt Russell reunion to
happened Saturday january twenty ninth i
watch number one
great show so this is a 2-disc there
that's their 119 show so yeah that was
my package and this is another funny
story so remember that order i did a
long time ago but with all those dvds
well i finally got that in and then they
then but I email them saying I
didn't get it because I didn't get it
but when they finally shipped it out I
got the order two days after so now two
weeks later I have another order of Ring
of Honor Davies so yeah I don't know do
with them so I have ROH on hdnet 125
final battle 2010 p WG Kurt WrestleMania
one and glory by honor nine but I
ordered clever on our eight so they read
message that order anyways so I don't
know what do to do with them so they're
just going to be sitting there if anyone
wants and any of them not only ten bucks
down to earth for one I don't know so
hit me up offer i'll send you these you
want them sure so yeah that's it thanks
for watching hope you guys enjoyed and
that is DVD tuesday boom I don't why
make more soundtracks